feat(tabs): refactor tabs (#816)
scania-digital-design-system/sdds: tegel/src/stories/Migration/Migration.stories.mdx

```

## Inline Tabs & Folder Tabs

### Updated `<sdds-inline-tabs>` and introduced `<sdds-folder-tabs>` with
### child components `<sdds-tab-link>` & `<sdds-tab-button>`

Previously we had the `<sdds-inline-tabs>` and `<sdds-inline-tabs-fullbleed>`. These 

> reminded little of eachother in appearence and therefor it made more sense to treat

Reviewer: I think it might be "therefore" with an "e" at the end? :)

> reminded little of eachother in appearence and therefor it made more sense to treat

Author: ```suggestion
reminded little of eachother in appearence and therefore it made more sense to treat
```

these as two totally seperate component. To have a clear distiction between them we
have now renamed the `<ssd-inline-tabs>` to `<sdds-folder-tabs>`, to futher highlight
its look and its function.

> Both of these tabs can function with either buttons or links, there for we have

Reviewer: Maybe "therefore" instead of "there for"? ☺️

> Both of these tabs can function with either buttons or links, there for we have

Author: ```suggestion
Both of these tabs can function with either buttons or links, therefore we have
```

introduced two new child components (`<sdds-tab-link>` & `<sdds-tab-button>`) that 
work with both the `<sdds-inline-tabs>` and  `<sdds-tab-button>`. The content that is

> displayed under each tab, is not longer handled by the component. And is therefor

Reviewer: Maybe "no longer" instead of "not longer"? Also maybe "therefore" instead of "therefor"? :)

> displayed under each tab, is no longer handled by the component. And is therefor

Reviewer: Maybe add an "e" at the end of "therefor"? :)

> displayed under each tab, is no longer handled by the component. And is therefor

Author: ```suggestion
displayed under each tab, is no longer handled by the component. And is therefore
```

> displayed under each tab, is not longer handled by the component. And is therefor

Author: ```suggestion
displayed under each tab, is no longer handled by the component. And is therefor
```
